coffee_ws/README.md, before:

Commands to launch all of the nodes:

```
source ../ros-source.sh
colcon build
ros-source
ros2 launch coffee_head all_nodes.launch.py
```

- Camera node handles opening the camera, tracking faces (`src/coffee_head/coffee_head/camera_node.py`).
- Head tracking handles the PID controller, and is in coordination with the camera node to move the motors to center the detected face in frame (`src/coffee_head/coffee_head/head_tracking.py`).
  - Subscribes to the camera node.
- Coffee Expression show the latest version of the eye shapes with a new topic message (`src/coffee_expressions/coffee_expressions/plaipin_expressive_eyes.py`)
- Coffee Eyes shows the eye visuals for the Coffee Buddy robot,  (`src/coffee_face/coffee_face/coffee_eyes.py`).
  - Subscribes to the camera node to adjust eye position in window.

Commands to launch separate nodes:

```
source ../ros-source.sh
colcon build
ros-source
ros2 run coffee_head camera_node
ros2 run coffee_head head_tracking
ros2 run coffee_head eye_tracking
ros2 run coffee_expressions plaipin_expressive_eyes
ros2 run coffee_face coffee_eyes
ros2 run coffee_expressions_test_ui expressions_test_ui
ros2 launch coffee_expressions_state_manager state_manager.launch.py
```

**NOTE:** We define the location of `expressions.json` in the `setup.py` file inside `coffee_expressions` directory.

Running the animator
- Animations are saved in `~/.ros/motion_files` as `.json` files.


# Sample Command

```
src $ ros2 pkg create --build-type ament_python coffee_expressions_test_ui --dependencies rclpy coffee_expressions_msgs python3-pyqt5
```

```
colcon build --packages-select coffee_expressions_test_ui
```

```
source install/setup.bash && ros2 run coffee_expressions_test_ui expressions_test_ui
```

Commit message:

Add UI to visualize the state / state manager

coffee_ws/README.md, after:

Commands to launch all of the nodes:

```
source ../ros-source.sh
colcon build
ros-source
ros2 launch coffee_head all_nodes.launch.py
```

- Camera node handles opening the camera, tracking faces (`src/coffee_head/coffee_head/camera_node.py`).
- Head tracking handles the PID controller, and is in coordination with the camera node to move the motors to center the detected face in frame (`src/coffee_head/coffee_head/head_tracking.py`).
  - Subscribes to the camera node.
- Coffee Expression show the latest version of the eye shapes with a new topic message (`src/coffee_expressions/coffee_expressions/plaipin_expressive_eyes.py`)
- Coffee Eyes shows the eye visuals for the Coffee Buddy robot,  (`src/coffee_face/coffee_face/coffee_eyes.py`).
  - Subscribes to the camera node to adjust eye position in window.expressions_test_ui
- Coffee Expressions Test UI shows the latest version of the eye shapes with a new topic message (`src/coffee_expressions_state_ui/coffee_expressions_state_ui/coffee_expressions_state_ui.py`).
- Coffee Expressions State Manager handles the state of the robot's expressions (`src/coffee_expressions_state_manager/coffee_expressions_state_manager/state_manager_node.py`).
- Coffee Expressions State UI shows the state of the robot's expressions (`src/coffee_expressions_state_ui/coffee_expressions_state_ui/coffee_expressions_state_ui.py`).

Commands to launch separate nodes:

```
source ../ros-source.sh
colcon build
ros-source
ros2 run coffee_head camera_node
ros2 run coffee_head head_tracking
ros2 run coffee_head eye_tracking
ros2 run coffee_expressions plaipin_expressive_eyes
ros2 run coffee_face coffee_eyes
ros2 run coffee_expressions_test_ui expressions_test_ui
ros2 launch coffee_expressions_state_manager state_manager.launch.py
```

**NOTE:** We define the location of `expressions.json` in the `setup.py` file inside `coffee_expressions` directory.

Running the animator
- Animations are saved in `~/.ros/motion_files` as `.json` files.


# Sample Command

```
src $ ros2 pkg create --build-type ament_python coffee_expressions_test_ui --dependencies rclpy coffee_expressions_msgs python3-pyqt5
```

```
colcon build --packages-select coffee_expressions_test_ui
```

```
source install/setup.bash && ros2 run coffee_expressions_test_ui expressions_test_ui
```
